Add management command to report outdated chat widget versions (#4172)
dimagi/open-chat-studio: docs/developer_guides/widget_versioning.md

- The channel button and widget params dialog show upgrade/deprecation badges
  based on `get_widget_update_status()`.

## Auditing which versions are in use

`list_outdated_widget_versions` reports embedded-widget channels running anything

> older than `LATEST_VERSION`, with a session count per chatbot:

Author: ```suggestion
`list_outdated_widget_versions` reports embedded-widget channels running anything
older than `LATEST_VERSION`, with a session count per channel:
```

        python manage.py list_outdated_widget_versions

Only channels with real recent usage are listed: a session counts when it has at
least one **human** message inside the activity window (30 days by default), and a
channel appears only if that count is non-zero — so the session count is exactly
the traffic that qualified it. Each row is classified `sunset` (past `sunset_at`),
`deprecated` (covered by a `WidgetDeprecation`) or `outdated` (older than latest,
still supported).

Channels that have never reported a version (`widget_version` is `null`) are
excluded, since their version can't be determined; `--include-unreported` adds
them. Note that `unknown` is different — that is what a pre-0.5.1 widget gets

> recorded as, and it is always treated as outdated.

Author: Fixed in 19508dbbf. The sentence conflicted with the status labels defined two paragraphs up, so it now spells out both cases: `unknown` shows as `deprecated`/`sunset` under the configured deprecation, and as `outdated` when none is configured. Added a regression test pinning the no-deprecation case.

*— Claude Code*
